Add steps to allow unsigned Mac apps (#151)
learningequality/kolibri-docs: docs/access/macos.rst

MacOS
#####

> #. **Kolibri app is not yet sighed, so the first time you start it, do NOT use Launchpad**. Instead use the **Finder** on your Mac to locate Kolibri app in the **Applications** folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. **The first time you start the Kolibri application, do NOT use Launchpad**. Instead use the **Finder** on your Mac to locate Kolibri in the **Applications** folder. This is because the application is *unsigned* and needs a new permission to run.
```

#. Control-click the app icon, then choose **Open** from the shortcut menu.
  

>    This step will be saved as an exception to your security settings, so you are able to open Kolibri in the future by double-clicking it just as you would do with other apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   After completing these steps, your security settings are permanently changed and you can launch Kolibri like any other application.
```
